[core][docs] Lint some top level core docs (#49703)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/fault-tolerance.rst

.. _fault-tolerance:

Fault tolerance
===============

Ray is a distributed system, and that means failures can happen. Generally, Ray classifies

> failures into two classes: 1) application-level failures, and 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
failures into two classes:
1. application-level failures
```

> system-level failures. Bugs in user-level code or external system failures trigger application-level failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. system-level failures
Bugs in user-level code or external system failures trigger application-level failures.
```

    :start-after: __return_ray_put_start__
    :end-before: __return_ray_put_end__

In the preceding example, object ``x`` outlives its owner task ``a``.
If the worker process running task ``a`` fails, calling ``ray.get`` on ``x_ref`` afterwards will result in an ``OwnerDiedError`` exception.

> A fault tolerant version is returning ``x`` directly so that it's owned by the driver and it's only accessed within the lifetime of the driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fault tolerant version is returning ``x`` directly so that the driver owns it and Ray only accesses it within the lifetime of the driver.
```
